Name             : Sreyasree Mandal
OPERATING SYSTEM : UBUNTU 20.04
Language         : Python3

How to run each query:
	(i) open a terminal inside each query directory
	(ii) type the following at the terminal: make
	
task.py contains both task1 and task 2 of this assignement. task.py takes multiple user entered films per run.
webcrawl.py takes single movie as input from the user.

Task 1 (Crawling RottenTomatoes website)
(i) RottenTomatoes is an IMDb like website, where you can find an online database of
information related to films, television programs, including cast, production crew,
personal biographies, plot summaries, trivia, ratings, critic and fan reviews.
(ii) You are provided with a file named “rotten tomatoes movie genre link.txt,” which contains
URL links for ten different genre-wise top 100 movie lists.
(iii) Write a python code that reads each of the URLs, saves the pages in HTML format.
(iv) Now given a user input of any of the ten genres, you should list all the movies in that list
and wait for user input of a particular movie name from the list.
(v) Given a movie name as the input, you should download and save the corresponding
movie page’s HTML file.

Task 2 (Creating grammar and parsing the files)
(i) After saving movie pages in HTML format, try to study the syntax of HTML files.
(ii) Create grammar that can be used to extract the following fields for the movies.
● Movie Name
● Director
● Writers
● Producer
● Original Language
● Cast with the character name
● Storyline
● Box Office Collection
● Runtime

Write (python code using PLY) or (C code using Lex,Yacc) to extract the above fields.
Your program should show all the possible query fields a user can ask for(from the
above list items). And according to the user selection, it should show the corresponding
field for the particular movie.

Your program should also save the result in a log file as per the following format.
<Genre> <Movie_name> <Field_requested> <Field_value>
For a field with multiple values, it should make an entry for each value.

You have to think correctly about what kind of errors can come in the process and try to
handle them. Note that you can not use the “Beautiful Soup” python package for this
assignment. Use the ply package in python / Or you can code in C using lex and
yacc

NOTE: Enter the names  of the genres, movies and fields exactly as given in the list. They are case and character sensitive.
